hello everybody and welcome to the
winner announcement video for the cover
recreation giveaway challenge guys guys
guys when I decided to do this giveaway
thing I contacted the boat depository
and I asked them could you guys please
help me out by giving away a book
through YouTube and I thought up that it
would be such a cool idea to make these
little video challenges and that
hopefully some people would participate
I all 400 entries I got 400 entries into
this thing I actually can't believe it I
him so touched by the impact that this
event has had on her community ah i have
watched through i think all of them home
it took me like multiple hours sitting
and watching your guys's entries and
they were all beautiful they were all so
amazing and it like it honestly kind of
hurts to have to just choose one winner
um so I'm not I'm gonna choose three
winners I've decided to personally
sponsor the booktubeathon a little bit
because there's just so many incredible
entries and so I just want to thank you
I really really want to thank you you've
touched my heart um just seeing the
community coming together and making
such beautiful projects together is it's
so touching seeing how much fun you guys
had with this project and seeing how you
came together with your friends and your
parents and your siblings to do these
things seeing the artistic talent that
went into some of these and just my god
my god I just had a mental breakdown
because I'm just blown away I sound like
the most cliche present in the whole
world but every single one of these
entries was a winner and so before I do
an ounce
the winners and a couple of my
runners-up I want to please please
please please encourage you guys to go
back to the video up on a link right at
the top of the description bar go back
to the video look at the comment and
just watch some of the amazing things
that your fellow participants created
because it was unbelievable so the first
winner is from a person named bottom
bookshelf so her video was perfect it's
like the perfect cup it's the cover it's
the cover it's so good she even does the
face and everything and then afterwards
he has a little section were feel like
rights in the notebook it was beautiful
she recreated it it was so great so
thank you the next winner is my secret
book club who recreated the eye makeup
from shatter me this video was the first
video entry that I watched made me cry
like I just did before this one made me
cry as well because she put so much
effort into it and it looks perfect it's
perfect finally the third winner is
biscuit and books for this super creepy
entry guys I was creeped out when i
clicked on the video ok it starts out
with just like water and red blood and
I'm like what the hell is going on here
but then all of a sudden I see what
she's doing and she recreates his cover
I never would have thought of that I
don't know all it's so cool and she like
moves her hand so that it's perfectly
dripping I just think that this is
really cool like I said I was gonna do i
want to show you another five that i
loved i seriously i was compiling a
playlist of my favorites i had 57
favorites so this is it this is
impossible ok this is impossible one of
my favorites was from Remus reads look
at this
look at this it's beautiful oh it's so
great this was so good another one of my
favorites cuz it was so funny was Reese
San Diego who recreated the cover of
allegiant by just waving around those
amazing next up we have one from lena k
and i love this because I can tell that
they were having so much fun when they
did this like they were just having a
riot can you feel it with me that they
were just having a riot next up is this
entry from let's read oh my god oh my
god it's perfect oh my god oh my god
it's so cool and like it it's simple
right it's so he just found the perfect
tree the perfect cloak faded it to blue
and it's perfect oh okay another really
funny puts on a wig and pretended to the
ring in the crowd that was really funny
and finally I want to show off just one
really artistic one because like I had
some people drawing me some beautiful
things oh and I just thought I'd throw
this one in there because Oh gorgeous my
god oh my god oh my god guys guys I'm
not gonna cry again I'm not gonna cry
again but i want to thank you I want to
sincerely thank you for participating in
the booktubeathon for coming together as
a community to have so much fun and at
the end of the day for encouraging and
celebrating reading thank you you guys
were all amazing i wish i could have
given a free book to ever I wish I so
badly wish thank you so much your
entries made me gasp because they were
creepy or they made me laugh because
they were hilarious or they made me just
aah with beauty or just with ingenuity
just classic oh my god so please like i
said if you can go and spend some time
watching the entries that your fellow
participants
cuz incredible oh my god just so effing
good in only a few short hours Katrina's
video will be going up announcing the
next challenge I can't wait to see what
you guys do next see you next time bye
hello everybody and welcome to my first
update for the booktubeathon so today
was the first day of the book tues on it
honestly it was the best first day